Docs: Add Thoth Tech marketing resources (#29)
thoth-tech/handbook: docs/company/marketing/pitch.md

# Thoth Tech Pitch Points

Thoth Tech’s mission is to build, operate and deploy education technologies, creating tools that enhance education outcomes by empowering students, connecting them with tutors and facilitating personalised learning experiences.

We value our people and we value excellence: We are people-focused, aim to produce products of excellent quality, sustainability and to provide frameworks that provide a safe environment for learning and support of team-members

- A chance to develop your technical skills and understanding across multiple disciplines which will make you a better version of whatever role is in your career roles
- As well as applying crucial soft skills and understanding of how different roles within a company interact and collaborate
- Focus on learning, support and mentoring

## Products

> - **Ontrack**: Ontrack is an education platform to connect tutors and students at Deakin university and is also used at other universities around the world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ontrack**: Ontrack is an education platform to connect tutors and students at Deakin university and is also used at other universities around the world.
```

> - **Splashkit**: Splashkit is a c++ Software Development Kit. Splashkit is an all purpose beginners kit and can be used to create 2D games

Reviewer: **nitpick:** To align with the tagline on the SplashKit [homepage](https://splashkit.io/).

```suggestion
- **SplashKit**: SplashKit is a C++ Software Development Kit. It is a beginner's all-purpose software toolkit and can be used to create 2D games.
```

The focus this trimester is on new feature design and development, existing feature upgrades, integrations, company planning, testing, data analysis and innovation, documentation and building a pipeline

## Current Tech Stack

> Ruby on Rails , Rabbit MQ , Docker, Angular, C/C++, Typescript, Bootstrap, Coffeescript, Python, Cpp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ruby on Rails, Rabbit MQ, Docker, Angular, C/C++, TypeScript, Bootstrap, CoffeeScript, Python, Cpp.
```

## Recruiting

> large range of roles including Front-End Engineers, Back-End Engineers, Full-Stack Engineer, Data Scientists, Product Analysts, Quality Analysts, Business Analysts, Delivery Leads, Cloud Engineers, Architects, DevOps Engineers, Security Analysts, and a variety of leadership roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for a large range of roles including Front-End Engineers, Back-End Engineers, Full-Stack Engineers, Data Scientists, Product Analysts, Quality Analysts, Business Analysts, Delivery Leads, Cloud Engineers, Architects, DevOps Engineers, Security Analysts, and a variety of leadership roles.
```
